We have an agent, it's looping,
it's remembering, its calling tools,
it's got all the things.
It's just not useful because the weather
is always 90 degrees, and that's
just not accurate right now, so let's
fix it and let's add some real tools.
So let me go to my notes.
I don't think I actually have too
many notes on this one, let's see.
Yeah, it's really just a code.
So what we're gonna do is,
if you remember at the beginning,
I showed you what this agent is
gonna do as far as being able to
generate an image, talk to Reddit and
get random dad jokes.
So we're gonna make tools for
those three things.
To note on the image generation,
I am using a model from OpenAI,
it's called dall-e-3,
it's their image generation model.
You might have to turn that on in
the OpenAI if you wanna use it,
it's not required for this,
you just won't be able to use this tool.
Just send something back and
be like, nah, I'm not using that.
So you don't have to use it but
if you want the image generation, yeah,
you have to go turn that on.
Or you could go use something else,
something from Replicate or Hugging Face,
where they have tons of stable diffusion
models that you could probably use right
now publicly without a credit card or
a name.
You can put that in there too.
So whatever image generation
tool you want, you can use.
We're gonna use dall-e-3 because we
already have OpenAI accounts at this
point, might as well use it.
Everything else is free and
easy, no sign up.
Okay, so
we only gotta do a few things here.
We need to, one, make these tools.
Two, we need to update our tool runner
to know when to use these tools.
Three, I'm just gonna create a little
handy index file to export all of our
tools into one place so we can pass
them around as an array, super easy.
That's it, so typically what I like to
do with my tools is I like to define
the definition of the tool and
the tool itself in the same file,
and then I just export them.
So let's start with the dad joke.
So I'm gonna go into, here, I'm gonna make
a new folder in the source, call it tools.
I'm gonna make a new file,
call it dadjoke.ts.
>> Scott Moss: And all this one is gonna
do is it's gonna use fetch, and it's going
to fetch this URL right here that when you
hit it, it gives you a random dad joke.
You can actually just put it
in the browser right quick and
you can kinda see what you get back.
What kind of tree fits in your hand?
A palm tree.
So good, so let's do that.
So I'm gonna import z from Zod.
I have a type here called
ToolFn that basically it's
just an interface for, yeah, the tools.
So come here, types, there we go.
It just shows you the arguments or
whatever.
So the first thing is the definition, so
you can say exports const
dadJokeToolDefinition.
There's three parts on this,
so you have the name,
I'm just gonna call it dad_joke,
any parameters.
So even if you don't have
any arguments for this,
I highly recommend just
putting empty objects.
I've had bad luck in the past where, yeah,
I forgot exactly why I started doing this,
but I remember I started doing this and
I got rid of a problem.
So even if you don't have any arguments,
I highly recommend just
putting an empty object here.
If you're using it with Zod, I think
it has little to do with OpenAI API,
and more to do with how it translates
Zod schemas over to the OpenAI API.
And if it doesn't have a default,
I think it puts something
that the API doesn't like.
Maybe it's undefined, maybe it's null,
I don't know what it puts, but it doesn't
like it, so I just always put in
the object here if I don't have anything.
And then the last thing is just like,
the description of this get a dad joke,
however you wanna describe it.
Another thing that I do is I like to
make some Args from the parameters, so
I can type check my actual ToolFn.
So I'm gonna use, I'm not sure if
you've heard of this before, but
you can do like z.infer,
which is kinda cool.
And it allows you to do like
a typeof a Zod schema, so
I can make a TypeScript type by inferring
a Zod schema, which is kinda cool.
So if you don't really like TypeScript but
you like Zod,
you can just go make all your stuff in Zod
and then infer it with TypeScript, and
you get the best of both worlds.
You get the runtime type checking, and
you get the Dev time type checking,
you get both and
the build time touching, so
you get all three of them
if you wanna do that.
Just pretty cool.
>> Scott Moss: And
now let's make that dad joke.
So export const dadJoke,
it's the interface of the ToolFn.
The ToolFunction takes two generics,
the first generic is,
these arguments are here called toolArgs.
So what is the type of this toolArgs?
In this case, it's an empty object,
so it means nothing.
And then the second one is like,
what is this thing gonna return?
I don't know why I even put this in here,
it's always gonna be a string.
You have to return a string in a tool,
so this is kind of redundant, but yeah,
it's gonna return a string, there we go.
And then I'm gonna import
fetch from node-fetch.
>> Scott Moss: My God, can you stop?
Thank you.
Then I'm gonna say = fetch
from there application JSON.
>> Scott Moss: Passing the dad joke,
make sure it's JSON,
and get back the joke
>> Scott Moss: Nothing too crazy here,
we're not even gonna use these arguments,
although the user message is here,
I could pass a user ID.
If there were some arguments
that this URL needed,
I could have either that be arguments
up here that this thing figures out, or
if they're just coming from my database,
I could just pass them in here.
You have so many options,
so many things you can do.
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
cool, we got that joke.